Python is a high level programming language.
CPL(Computer Programming Languages)
    1.Low Level Programming Languages(Machine Language)
        The Languages which can be understood computer can be called as Low Level languages(Machine)
        Example : ALP(Assembly Language Programming)
    2.High Level Programming languages.
        The programming languages which can't understood by the computer
        These languages can be written English.
        Human understadable language.
        C,C++,java,C#,Python etc..
Translators :
    1.Compiler :It is an application which can convert highlevel language into
        Machine language.
        C,C++ Uses Compiler

    2.Interpreter :Interpreter is an application which can conver high level
      Machine.
      Python Uses Interperted
Python is Object Oriented Programming language.
    It follows four properties  oops(Object Oriented Progamming Structure)
        1.Encapsulation
        2.Abstraction 
        3.Polymorphism 
        4.Inheritance 
        5.class
        6.object
Python is General Purpose programming language
        It is used in Eduction
        It is used in Research
        It is used in science and Engineering
        It is used for DataScience
        It is used in DataAnalytics
        It is used in Development
        It is used in Medical
Python is a case sensitive language.
Python is Open source.
Python is a dynamically typed language.
Python is a Portable.
Python is a  interpreted language.
Python is  a simple programming language.


output function : In order to display the stmts and data types on the console application or command line
print("Hello World")

String : Anything written in single quotes , double quotes , triple quotes can be called as
string
'aaaa'
'90'
"--=37989sdjfs"
"""sfjasklfjslf"""
'''fskdjfsdkf233ou43iow*-*-'''
""
''
''''''  Empty String
IDLE(Integrated Development and Learning Environment)
Integers : Numbers with out decimal values may be +ve or -ve

10,100 -900 0

Float : Numbers with decimal values can be called float values\
-9.6 , 9.8 ,5.6
complex numbers :
4+7j  -6-8j
type(): It is a function which can be used to display the type of the data 

input functions : In order to read the input from the console application.

input(): This function can be used to 
1.display the data and can be used 
2.read a string.

type() : It is a function which can be used to  check the data type present in
the  variable.

Type casting function(Type coversion function)
1.int() :  It is a function which can convert any integer object into integer
2.float() : It is a function which can convert any float object into float
3.str()   : It can convert any object into a string 
4.complex() : It can convert complex object into a complex number
5.bool()
6.list()
7.tuple()